DOCS-3944: Restructure motion docs (#4279)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/mobility/move-arm/configure-arm.md

     "parent": "world",
     "translation": {
       "x": 0,
       "y": 0,
       "z": 0
     }
   }
   ```

1. Save your configuration.

## Configure a different reference frame

For a project with multiple arms, you can define a different [reference frame](/operate/reference/services/frame-system/) for each arm.
To use a reference frame for your arm that is different from the default world frame:

1. Configure the arm as above, adding a frame with the **+ Add Frame** button.

1. Edit your arm's frame according to your needs.
   The frame parameters are:

   - `parent`: The parent frame.
     You can use the `world` frame, or another frame you have defined.

     For example, if you have an arm mounted on a gantry, you can use the gantry's frame as the parent frame of the arm by setting `"parent": "name-of-your-gantry"`.
     This will cause the arm's frame to be updated as the gantry moves.

   - `orientation`: The orientation of the frame relative to the parent frame, represented as a vector.
     If you use the default values, the frame is aligned with the parent frame.
   - `translation`: The distance between the frame and the parent frame in each direction, in millimeters.

> 1. Confirm the x, y, and z axes of the arm by [moving it in each direction using the Viam app control interface](/operate/mobility/move-arm/arm-no-code/#move-the-arm) and noting which way it moves in the real world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Confirm the x, y, and z axes of the arm by moving it in each direction using the **Test** tab.
```
